-Shucks, I got poor daddy.
-Sweet, I got rich daddy!
-Look, guys, I got sexy daddy.
-Lucky!
-Hey, kids,
what are you playing?
-We're playing
"daddy, it's me!"
-"florida edition"!
-This isn't your grandmother's
simple,
No-nonsense paternity test.
"daddy, it's me!"
is the fun and roundabout way
To learn
your birth father's identity.
-I found him!
My dad is pizza paul,
Owner and ceo
of local pizzeria pizza paul's.
I usually go for pepperoni,
But this time,
I'll ask for hugs.
-Learn your medical history.
Understand why you're ugly.
Plus, "daddy, it's me!"
results are admissible in court,
So mom can finally
get that child support.
Available
wherever games are sold.
-Welcome back to "self-inflicted
gunshot bloopers."
[ rapid gunshots,
man screaming ]
-Mom?
-Shh, shh, shh.
Watch the dumb people
shoot themselves.
-You know how you can never
seem to remember
Who my father is?
We should play "daddy, it's me,
florida edition"!
Did you hear the part
about child support?!
-Annie, if he could pay child
support, I'd remember him.
-Ah!
We have no money for game.
-I actually have
a copy upstairs.
They gave it to me last month
at the sperm doctor.
-You're a sperm donor?
-I keep trying to get rid of it,
But it just keeps coming back.
Damn!
-Well, I can't wait to find out
who my dad is.
Maybe he's
a typewriter salesman.
Or an insurance adjuster!
[ gasps ]
or a cat trainer!
-I could totally see your dad
being a cat trainer, annie.
-Did the game say
who your dad is?
-Enough talking!
-Trying to watch tv!
-I don't need to play a game,
because I already know.
Baba's given me enough hints
over the years.
Big mustache, glittery eyes.
Only one possibility:
Tom selleck.
-Wow! He dated monica.
-Yeah.
He's where my effortless sexy
comes from.
Damn!
-Just tell him.
-Alright, alright.
Baba come clean.
Peter, father not tom selleck.
-What?!
I guess that explains why
I can't grow a mustache!
-Hey, you and baba can play
the game with me and trophy.
-Like a double date?
-Board game not for baba.
Dice are, ooh,
sticky children cubes.
But you want meet father?
Come, I take you.
-Yes!
-Fine.
If you insist on finding
your father, at least
We can actually make it fun.
[ baby cries ]
-♪ I'm not as crazy
as I used to be ♪
♪ some of my devils
up and left me free ♪
♪ to find a quiet space
I'm not as out of place ♪
♪ and I'm coming home again ♪
♪ it's been too long a time
gettin' back what's mine ♪
♪ and I can't remember why
I went away ♪
♪ but it's lookin' now like
maybe I can stay ♪
Is that any good?
[ bright chime ]
-Oh.
What's with the no pants?
-Since I don't remember them
so much,
I want to make sure
the potential dads remember me.
Plus, if the goal here
is child support,
This oughta get them
reaching for their wallets.
-The goal is to find my father.
-Yeah, well, let's try and make
this interesting for both of us.
-Hey, daddy!
It's me --
-Euthanasia fantasy.
Annie for short.
-To begin, provide a florida
dna sample from you
And your biological mother.
Use the included chaw --
-Yeah, yeah, we know what to do.
[ both spit ]
-Damn, girl, looks like there
are 15 possible fathers.
-15?! So, you had
intercourse experiences
With 15 different men
In the span
of a single ovulation window?
That's two to three
different guys every day,
An average of 2.5 men!
-If you saw some of
these wieners,
You'd get where
the point-five comes in.
Mm, boom-shaka-laka!
-Hold for a recent photo
of possible daddy number 1.
-♪ who's your daddy? ♪
-You slept with kirk
from the 9/11?
-Honey, you are old enough
to know the truth --
There is no such thing
as a free mini taquito.
-They're called taqui-teenies.
Dad knows that.
-Or does he?
Proceed to the 9/11
to verify paternity.
But first, the game asks
that you put on pants.
-Geez, is this the florida
edition or the huguenot edition?
Get it?
I don't.
-Hey, annie!
How'd the math test go?
-A-minus -- I missed the last
question because --
-You have a nervous bladder
and had to run to the bathroom.
You'll get it next time, kiddo.
-You run out of stamps, annie?
-Nope!
I'm going to find my father!
-That's great.
I'm finally able to deliver
the letters
You've been sending him
all these years!
-Huh, seems like you spend
all your free time
Cultivating father-figure
relationships.
You should just do what I did
at your age --
Funnel your daddy issues
into [bleep]
Old dudes for designer clothes.
-That's what
I'm trying to avoid.
-You say that, but a dune buggy
and a tea cup yorkie
Can sure do wonders
for the self-esteem.
-Hello, father.
Yo, pop!
It's me, p-dawg!
Hello, daddy.
Why did you abandon me?
I can't wait to meet my dad
and find out
What kind of a man I really am.
All my life, I've just
been the rugged type.
But I dunno, maybe I'm actually
the podcast guy.
Or the yoga-class playah.
Or the guy with a pipe!
-All will be revealed.
Shoo.
-Oh, my gosh.
Are we in a graveyard
because my father...
Is dead?
-Not dead,
Just already lived.
I know it's one of these graves,
but, eh...
Yeah, baba forget which one?
-This one?
-No.
-This one? This one?
-No. No.
-This one? This one? This one?
-No. No. No.
-This one? This one?
-No. No.
See? Baba fun.
It like game.
-A game?
Okay.
[ chimes ]
-ho, ho, ho!
Bop it to hear more.
Back in my day, a man could
be anything he wanted to be,
As long as he worked hard
And didn't spend any time
with his family.
Ask me anything about my life.
-Are you my father?
-Ehhh!
-I'd stay and chat,
but I gotta find my dad.
I can't wait to find out
if my fear of grilled cheese
And women my own age is genetic.
-Whew. They had me worried I was
the father for a second there.
-You had an affair
with my funeral director?
-Well, caskets ain't
cheap, mary.
-Okay, eleventh question --
Do you think gummy bears
are friends with each other.
-It'd be messed up
if they weren't.
-Yes! Okay, question 12 --
what's the difference
Between ketchup and mustard,
in your own words.
-Enough.
Listen, kirk, we're playing
"daddy, it's me!
Florida edition."
You came up as annie's
potential father.
-Oh, right! I always felt like
we had a connection, annie.
Like, we're talking
about corn dogs,
But we're actually
talking about not corn dog?
-Yes!
-We need a dna sample.
For old times' sake, how 'bout
we go in the back room
And you squirt in my sizzler?
-As long as I can bring
my hot dog roller.
Gotta keep an eye on 'em.
-I can do it.
Might as well start
getting acquainted
With the "family" business.
-Thanks, annie.
Mm.
-Ow! Ow! Ow!
♪♪
So, you're gonna have to do that
with all 15 possible fathers?
-No! There's a breathalyzer game
piece that reads their dna.
I just wanted to see
if kirk's penis
Looks as weird as I remembered.
-Ew.
-Like a single piece
of raw bacon,
But he sure seems like he could
daddy you all night long.
[ squelches, beeping ]
-Not your daddy!
-Hmm.
You know what?
That's okay.
Maybe kirk and I are better off
as just friends.
Who's next?
-Only 14 fathers to go.
-Lonny!
From blissful passings!
Your high school sweetheart.
I bet it's him.
-Only 90 minutes
in heavy traffic,
And you'll arrive at lonny's
door to find out the truth!
-I doubt he's your father --
getting pregnant
On a tilt-a-whirl
is almost impossible.
♪♪
-[ panting ]
-In!
-Ah!
A grave on an island!
That's got to be my dad!
He's all alone, but not lonely.
Remind you of anyone?
C'mon, baba!
Dad, your son is on your shore.
Oh, my god --
his cause of death
Was getting eaten by
an alligator.
-Eaten.
Yes.
-But wait, it says he died
nine months before I was born.
Wait, how is that possible?!
-Well, just as you were
conceived, the gator,
He chomp him off my body!
-Oh, my god!
This explains everything!
My fear of gators!
My fear of being conceived!
[ wailing ]
[ slide whistle
descending scale ]
Huh?!
-Fooled you! Is not true.
See? Baba make finding dead
father into good time.
Come on, back in boat.
Baba paddle this time.
Hup!
[ huffing ]
-Lonny sucks, and his wife
sucks even more,
But at least we know he's rich!
-Pants on, please.
-You want to play the game
Or win the game?
[ doorbell chimes ]
-Hello, sad little panda.
Please go away.
We don't need any knives.
-No, wait.
I'm playing a board game.
-Fine.
I'll buy one knife.
-Oh.
It's you.
-I wanted to say
"oh, it's you"!
-The game revealed
lonny might be my father.
Also, is joey home?
-Joey's away at candle camp.
I'm gonna pretend
I didn't hear the other part.
-Oh, hey, troph.
Long time no --
"daddy, it's me!"?
Unh-uh!
I refuse to be breathalyzed.
I've made that mistake before.
-Ugh.
-Ouch!
Couldn't you have taken one
from my head?
I'm trying to grow
my tony stark!
-Let's get out of here, annie.
White people give me the creeps.
-Mom, we're white, too.
-We're florida white.
-Not da fathah!
-Phew.
Let's just go try on swimsuits
and stand next to each other.
Mama needs a little pick-me-up.
-You don't get it.
-Listen, annie,
having a father's
Only for more family-oriented
animated shows.
Has it even occurred to you
that maybe he is not
In your life for a good reason?
-You're the reason!
If I'd known my dad all along,
I'd be a happier,
More well-adjusted,
beach-ready type of girl.
-You can't be that
well-adjusted
If your breasts
are two different sizes.
That's physics.
-Come on, annie.
Roll them bones.
Daddy number three
is jeffrey t.
Proceed to the route, just
45 minutes back across town.
120 if avoiding toll roads.
-Ugh! That's it!
If you insist on
finding your father,
Let me see
if I can speed this up.
-Are you sure
this isn't gonna backfire?
You don't know how your death
powers really work, right?
-I don't know how cocaine
works either, annie.
I just know it helps
the time pass.
We're goin' in!
[ annie gasps ]
-Aaah!
[ slams ]
-Why are we in
my gym teacher's house?!
-You mean our gym teacher --
back in the day, he'd say,
"hit the showers", but he meant,
"stand in the shower
clean and naked
Until I get a free moment."
Consent used to be
more subjective.
-Not really.
Can they see us?
-No, I believe the "jumanji"-ing
got mixed with
A ghost of christmas past-ing
kinda thing.
We're looking at the life
you could have led
Had you grown up with a father.
Shh!
-...98, 99 100.
Alright, annie,
eyes on the prize.
Just 200 more laps
around the futon.
I want you staying fit
and tight.
-This could-be daddy requires
more personal fitness
And less body acceptance
than I imagined.
-Oh, so you don't fond
this alt-life amazing?
Little miss "I got suspended
for eating in the locker room"?
-It's not my fault jumping jacks
give me chicken cravings.
-Aw, damn it.
-This guy shoots blanks.
Literally!
Figuratively!
-Damn.
-Physically. Emotionally.
-Not the daddy!
-I'll admit, I'm relieved.
I hate wearing flip-flops
in the shower.
Who's next?
Aaah!
Oh.
The house got "jumanji"'d too?
What else can you "jumanji"?
-Your damn go-getter attitude.
-Ooh, this daddy
looks attentive.
-Come on, annie!
Time to practice!
If you don't land
the basket toss,
We're gonna lose
our energy drink sponsorship.
Then we can't afford
to self-publish my book
On how to make money off your
child's corporate sponsorships!
-Almost finished
with my spray tan.
-I remember him.
He was our school mascot.
We did it inside the costume
at halftime.
-Ow!
-Aren't any of my daddy options,
How do I say this --
-daddy...
-...Better people?
-Nope.
They're all humanity's versions
of unfinished basements.
Look, I was a needy young girl.
Baba didn't have much to give,
And she wouldn't even tell me
who my father was.
-Well, too bad!
I'm gonna have a dad in my life
and it's gonna be awesome!
-Sperm squad,
is this a touchdown?
-N-o-t your d-a-d!
-Whoa!
-Why didn't I think to try
the virtual directory earlier?
Okay, the only grave
I haven't checked is...
[ gasps ]
-last one.
Baba have good feeling.
-Dad? Father?
Is it you?
-Son pete, you're the son
I always wanted, my son.
-It's him! It's him!
I found my daddy!
-Bingo! Now we go home.
-Son pete, give pappy
some butterfly kisses.
-You got it, dad!
I knew we'd have the same level
of comfort
In terms
of intra-family intimacy.
I knew we would.
-Peter, come.
You get pink eye
from dead father.
-But we haven't even
compared ankles yet.
Dad and I
have a lot to discuss.
First of all, tell me
about my conception.
Baba always skips
the good parts.
-That's between me
and your mother.
-[ gasps ] fathers shouldn't
keep secrets. I hate you!
-Dearest son pete, I hated
my old man's hologram, too.
He was always drunk and trying
to hit me with his holo-fists.
I want to be a different kind
of posthumous father.
Butterfly kiss?
-How can I stay mad at you
when we're so much alike?
-It's not that I'm afraid
your life
Will be better with your dad.
It's that I know
it will be worse.
Attention-starved soon-to-be
teen mommies
Sleep with losers, okay?
Can we please go home now?
-No!
Even if my daddy was a scumbag
15 years ago,
He might have turned
his life around.
Like ben affleck
or bill clinton.
-Not really the best examples.
-Where's your "jumanji" spirit?
-Fine!
But let's fifth gear this thing.
-Oh. Okay.
Even though we're unhoused,
I bet my dad
still provides me with love.
Oh, my god. Let it be him.
He's an actual good person.
-I knew tommy would
never amount to anything.
-Not the daddy!
-Ow!
Jesus...
Is my father?
-It's a community
theater production
Of "jesus christ superstar."
How old do you think I am?
-Oh.
So he's an actor?
-No.
It's jean paul,
the lighting guy up there.
Except I thought
we just did butt stuff.
-Couldn't be the daddy!
-Ow.
-Ah. The world's tallest mormon,
norman.
I did him to try to get into
"the guinness book
of world records."
-Not sure turtlenecks or forced
child marriage are my thing.
-You watch, annie.
It's only gonna get worse.
-Not the daddy!
-Wait. Wait. Wait a minute.
-[ raspy breathing ]
-Who is that guy?
-Can we leave, please?
-Let's see --
Neck tattoo, balding,
smells like chicken fingers.
Oh! Okay, yep, my high school
best friend's father.
He also taught me
how to ride a bike.
Hey!
You're not supposed to see me!
-I see you, trophy.
I've always seen you.
-Not the daddy!
-Annie, we're going home
right now.
Daddy or no daddy.
-Just one more.
And can't we bring this annie
with us at least?
Please! I need to save her!
Whoa! Finally!
This is the "mamma mia" ending
I deserve!
[ grunts, inhales deeply ]
He smells like feta
and oregano.
-Stephanos here
revenge-porned me
Into working in his parents'
diner for a whole semester.
Please don't make me
keep doing this!
-He's making me saganaki!
-Opa!
-I can't take it anymore, annie!
Come on.
I'll buy you one of those
pepperoni-stuffed
Hot dogs you love.
I'm sorry I called them
a metaphor for cannibalism.
Please.
-If you want to leave, leave.
I'm staying.
-Fine.
Go ahead and see for yourself.
Real mommy out!
-Great! Finally!
Just me and papa.
-Mmmm. Nom, nom, nom, nom.
No, no, annie.
[ speaking greek ] okay.
It's time.
-Not the daddy!
-Aah!
-Do you have a freckle here?
-No.
-Ah.
How about here?
-No.
-Okay, so far,
we're zero for 88.
That's okay. That's okay.
Next question, do you like --
-time to go.
You had enough time
with father.
You man now?
Maybe you no longer need baba.
Ha!
-But baba,
you're my best friend.
-Mother cannot be best friends.
-What about rory and lorelai?
-Oh, petey.
Okay. I best friend.
Game over.
Time to take baba home.
Wrap thighs. Chafed.
-Let me just say goodbye.
-Yeah.
-Dad, I love you,
and I wish you were alive.
You're really smart
and you're cool,
And you've helped me understand
myself genetically and sexually.
I'd like to get a photo.
[ camera shutter clicks ]
P-dawg out!
Meet you in the car, baba!
Oh, sorry, pete senior.
I was so distracted from meeting
my dad, I didn't see you coming.
-Not a problem, petey.
-Thanks for doing hologram.
-Damn. Every time.
You sure you don't want
to tell him?
-Baba all the parent pete need.
-Okay.
[ both moaning ]
-You wonderful lover.
Terrible father.
-Okay.
-A raisin?
She flupped a raisin.
Ugh, get me out of here.
Wait, where are the dice?
Trophy, where are the dice?
-Ooh.
Are they in your pocket?
-I don't have pockets!
Let me guess, this is payback
for making you walk down
Recovered memory lane?
Well, hope your father
does a good job raisin you.
I gotta find a way out of here,
fast!
[ breathing heavily ]
[ groans ]
-♪ how did daddy's little girl
get so big? ♪
You're gonna want to buckle
your seatbelt,
Check your rearview mirror,
pull over,
And let daddy teach you
how to parallel park.
-Okay. Aah! Who are you?
-I'm your mom's old beau,
george.
And I train gators
to attack homeless people.
Now, did you put on enough
sunscreen today, darlin'?
-No! Stop!
-♪ bum-bum-bum-bum-
bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum ♪
♪ ease up on the gas
we going too fast ♪
♪ we gonna crash ♪
-Ugh! Stop!
You're helicopter-daddying me!
I can't think! Oh, no.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
May I help you, officer?
-Hi, there.
Do you know why
I pulled you over, sweetie?
-No?
-You forgot to drink
all your milk and give daddy
A hug goodbye this morning.
I'm grounding you, young lady.
-Stop it!
-Annie, honey!
Can you help me in the yard?
This should get the boys
at school to "leaf" you alone.
Eh?
-Ahh! Dad jokes!
-Eh?
-And dad jeans!
Ah! Kirk has a twin brother?
-Hold still.
You got a little schmutz
on your face.
Let me help you.
Hold still.
-No...
-Hey, hun,
you want me to proofread
Your social studies report?
You know I don't care
about grades.
I just want to make sure
you did your best.
-Et tu, board game announcer?
-I thought we had a real
daddy/daughter thing going here.
-Annie, annie!
Here comes daddy!
-I'm not mad, annie!
I'm just disappointed!
-Stop!
-Tell daddy you love him!
-Stop! You're not my daddy!
You're not my daddy!
Stop! You're not my daddy!
I don't want a daddy!
I don't need a daddy!
[ bell dings ]
-congratulations!
You won the game, annie!
-I thought you won
when you found your father?
-Not with your options.
The only way for you to win
is to stop playing.
But just so you know,
I think we had something
Really special
back there, pumpkin.
-Well, well, well.
Welcome home, gator tater.
You find what
you were looking for?
-No.
Your taste in men is horrific.
And dads are more annoying
than I ever imagined.
-Look, a girl needs a father,
Like a fish needs a father
to teach her how to ride a bike,
Especially if the fish
is a deadbeat creep,
And you already know
how to ride a bike, annie?
Do you see what I'm saying?
-Not really.
-What if I told you that
your dad loves you very much
And is really proud
of the woman you're becoming?
-You do know who my father is?
-Not exactly.
But if I did,
and if we could find him,
And if he could stay
out of rehab long enough
To get to know you,
I know that's what he'd say.
-Yow!
-Nut shot! Yes!
-Annie, guess what?
I met my dad, and he's dead,
but we're exactly alike.
Damn. Every time?
-Well, I ended up learning that
I'm better off without a dad.
-Don't sweat it, kiddo
'cause dads still aren't
as cool as moms.
-That's right, petey.
No one here know their father,
not even baba. We fine.
Now shut trap
and watch nut shot.
Oh!
He won't be daddy anytime soon!
[ laughter ]
Baba love this show!
-♪ oh, annie ♪
♪ I'm not your daddy ♪
♪ mama's baby's papa's baby ♪
♪ oh, annie ♪
♪ I'm not your daddy ♪